For my research question, I am curious about the current leaderboard of home-runs hit by players in the MLB looks,
as well as how the batting hand, height, and weight of these players affects the number of home-runs they have hit
throughout their careers.

While this data could be available from a wide variety of sources, I have decided to use web-scraping for this
project to be able to practice my skills with web-scraping. I found a webpage that includes a list of the top 1000
players on the leaderboard of home-runs hit as well as their ranking and number of home-runs. The webpage can be
found at the following link: https://www.baseball-almanac.com/hitting/hihr1.shtml

As I've been looking through the data, there are a few things that I will need to work through in order to collect
data from this source. The data is initially stored in a table on the webpage which I will be able to navigate
through to get player names, home-run totals, and rankings. The height, weight, and batting hand for each player
can be found on an individual bio page about them. The name in the initial table links to the page for that player.
As a result, I will be stepping onto each player's page and then back onto the main page. I haven't yet decided the
way that I want to do this, but I have practiced clicking into them with selenium and then stepping back onto the
main page. I will either step onto the player's page as I collect the data in their row and then go back to the main
page and continue; open the player's page in a new tab, close the tab, and then return to the original tab to
continue, or collect all of the information on the main page first while storing the individual links to the pages
with more player information and then loop through the list and collect all of the additional information.

I have written a script that can work to do this with the first option outlined above and have gotten it to work.
That being said, it sometimes runs into errors which I believe are caused by the long loading times on this site.
I will work to optimize the script, including potentially speeding it up and finding the best way to collect this
data.

The one other thing that I will need to work through (which I want to point out just to verify that I have thought
through all of the steps that will be required) is that certain players have hit the same number of home-runs, and
are thus the same ranking. When this occurs in this table, the ranking is only written out once and then subsequent
players do not have a ranking listed. I will need to include code that can handle these cases.